you started off an unbecoming Klump or
something
hardest facts no gas to truck with Ugly
Duckling shut-in tight just knuckle
tumbling all alone pure rock and ice
then slowly like a pocket mine you
gathered lint for company hydrogen
helium other types of gas join you
unsatisfied you asked for more a flock
enticed and hoarded moored up locked
inside you bloomed within this
atmosphere a beauty locked in synthesis
you hung there like a chandelier the
weight of pure magnificence for billions
of years others gathered close to you
and gazed on you in silence United in
fixation this horde of new admirers
there were dozens tens of dozens each
circling absorbed in the pull of your
intensity and glamour of your orbit and
some they paid the price for it they
shattered lost their lives for it grew
ridges wounds their ice our drift and
drawn around you slicing crisp yet
perfect magic while you sit impossible
in your fearlessness and down down here
we peer at this we Gork in pure
amazement you put the fire in sci-fi
kids draw you with their crayons you're
just so odd not gas and rocks no you
you're where the magics from you run
such rings around other gods that we
never ever really stopped and thought
beyond this glory all we've dreamed
wouldn't even be a footnote in your
story
you